README.md, before:

# mycs - Tip of the week

![alt tag](http://media0.giphy.com/media/eEtxYul1kBS80/giphy.gif)

| Date     | Who        | Topic
---------- | ---------- | ---------
10.04.2015 | Claudio    | **App:** [Using Dash to store and manage snippets] (https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/150410_dash_app.md)
17.04.2015 | Ivan       | **Coffeescript:** [Undefined/Unused variables checker](https://www.npmjs.com/package/coffeelint-undefined-variables)
24.04.2015 | Avraam     | **ES5:** [Property Descriptors and "pseudomentatory" parameters in Coffeescript functions] (https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/150424_property_descriptors.md)
08.05.2015 | Netta      | **CSS3:** [Chaining and Blending backgrounds] (https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/150508_chaining_and_blending_backgrounds.md)
13.05.2015 | Nicolas    | **DevOps:** [Debugging with CircleCI] (https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/150513_debugging_with_circleci.md)
29.05.2015 | Claudio & Nicolas | **DevOps:** [docs.mycs.io](http://docs.mycs.io) :copyright: Claudio - [Firefighting](https://github.com/mycsHQ/documentation/wiki/Firefighting#one-api-is-not-answering-or-uptime-robot-tells-that-the-api-is-down) :copyright: Nicolas
05.06.2015 | Chad       | **Jira:** Shortcuts
12.06.2015 | Ivan       | **IDE/JS/CSS:** [Workspaces and live update for Scripts and CSS](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/workspaces)
19.06.2015 | Claudio    | **Logs:** [Move through long logs](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/150619_move_through_logs.md)
26.06.2015 | Nancy      | **CSS3:** [Shapes: Wrapping content around custom paths] (https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/150626_css_shapes.md)
07.08.2015 | Philipp    | **JS** [Web Crypto API](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/150807_web_crypto_api)
21.08.2015 | Avraam     | **Immutable data structures in JS** [Immutable data structures in JS] (https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/150821_immutable.md)
04.09.2015 | Ivan       | **Testing:** [Protractor Recorder](https://github.com/katspaugh/protractor-recorder)
23.10.2015 | Nicolas    | **Git:** [Improved git workflow with rebase](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/151023_git-rebase.md)
30.10.2015 | Philipp    | **JS** [File & FileReader API](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/tree/master/tips/151030_filereader_api)
11.11.2015 | Claudio    | **Testing:** [Manual testing on different devices, browsers and OS'](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/151111_browserstack.md)
02.12.2015 | Nicolas    | **Refactoring:** [Getting rid of the scope soup](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/151202_angular-avoid-scope-soupe.md)
10.12.2015 | Netta & Valentyn | **Refactoring:** [Smart & Dumb, BEMifying - Guidelines](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/151210_Refactoring_Guideline.md)
26.05.2016 | Alex       | **Testing:** [Ghost Inspector](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/160526_ghost-inspektor.md)
26.05.2016 | Valentyn   | **Frontend:** [Angular 1.5 features](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/160526_Angular_1.5.md)
08.07.2016 | Philipp    | **JS** [Fetch API & Promises](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/tree/master/tips/160708_fetch-api)
18.08.2016 | Alex       | **Testing** [Nightwatch.js Browser automated testing (e2e)](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/tree/master/tips/160818-nightwatch.js.md)
15.09.2016 | Ivan       | **Chess**: [three golden rules](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/160915_chess.md)
21.09.2016 | Philipp    | **JS** [Service Worker API](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/160921_serviceWorkerApi.md)
22.09.2016 | Claudio    | **Chrome DevTools:** [Chrome DevTools](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/160922_chrome_dev_tools.md)
30.09.2016 | Valentyn   | **JS** [NPM tricks](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/f49d35f627c4cce7d7608864f79baec03e075dc7/tips/160930_npm_tricks.md)
20.10.2016 | Jonathan   | **CSS3** [using Flexbox](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/161020_using_flexbox.md)
27.10.2016 | Andreas    | **HTML** [VR A-Frame](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/161027_vr_with_aframe.md)
10.11.2016 | Denis      | **JS** [The 10 Key Features in Node.js v6 LTS](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/161110_10_key_features_in_Node_v6_LTS.md)
18.11.2016 | Frédéric   | **SQL** [Write better SQL queries](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/161118_write_better_sql_queries.md)
18.11.2016 | Lyaysan    | **JIRA** [How to add Filter Result gadget](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/Jira_filter_result_gadget.md)
15.12.2016 | Nancy      | **FE** [Front-end Chrome Extensions](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/161215_frontend_chrome_extensions.md)
05.01.2017 | Philipp    | **Angular 2** [Testing Services with HTTP Requests in Angular 2](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/170105-testing-services-with-Angular2.md)
05.01.2017 | Lyaysan    | **Testing** [Elementor: testing Protractor selectors from your browser and IDE](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/170105-Elementor-testing-Protractor-selectors.md)
03.02.2017 | Jonathan   | **JS** [PDF creation with JS Frameworks (client and server side)](tips/20170203_pdf-creation-with-js.md)
10.02.2017 | Claire     | **JS** [Re-creating Redux with Rx.js](tips/170210_creating_a_redux_flow_using_rxjs.md)
14.02.2017 | Avraam     | **JS** [React Patterns and Anti-Patterns](tips/react-hoc-components.md)
1$.02.2017 | Avraam     | **JS** [Async Javascript Using Reactive Extensions](http://slides.com/avraammavridis/deck-1-2-3#/)
21.02.2017 | Avraam & Claire | **JS** [Testing with Jest & Enzyme](http://slides.com/avraammavridis/deck-3#/)
16.03.2017 | Lucian     | **IDE** [Boostraping vim](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/16032017_Boostraping_vim.md)
11.05.2017 | Kateryna   | **Tool** [Monosnap - best screenshot tool ever](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/170511_monosnap-best-screenshot-tool-ever.md)
06.07.2017 | Johann     | **OS** [Unix backup solution](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/06072017_UnixBackup.md)
13.07.2017 | Philipp    | **Node** [Two-Factor Authentication with Node](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/170713_2fa_with_node.md)
17.07.2017 | Avraam    | **JS** [Sorting faster than .sort()](https://avraammavridis.com/sorting-faster-than-the-native-js)

Commit message:

performance workshop (#4)
* fix broken images in monosnap tow

* fix for markdown links

* added performance workshop

README.md, after:

# mycs - Tip of the week

![alt tag](http://media0.giphy.com/media/eEtxYul1kBS80/giphy.gif)

| Date     | Who        | Topic
---------- | ---------- | ---------
10.04.2015 | Claudio    | **App:** [Using Dash to store and manage snippets](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/150410_dash_app.md)
17.04.2015 | Ivan       | **Coffeescript:** [Undefined/Unused variables checker](https://www.npmjs.com/package/coffeelint-undefined-variables)
24.04.2015 | Avraam     | **ES5:** [Property Descriptors and "pseudomentatory" parameters in Coffeescript functions](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/150424_property_descriptors.md)
08.05.2015 | Netta      | **CSS3:** [Chaining and Blending backgrounds](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/150508_chaining_and_blending_backgrounds.md)
13.05.2015 | Nicolas    | **DevOps:** [Debugging with CircleCI](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/150513_debugging_with_circleci.md)
29.05.2015 | Claudio & Nicolas | **DevOps:** [docs.mycs.io](http://docs.mycs.io) :copyright: Claudio - [Firefighting](https://github.com/mycsHQ/documentation/wiki/Firefighting#one-api-is-not-answering-or-uptime-robot-tells-that-the-api-is-down) :copyright: Nicolas
05.06.2015 | Chad       | **Jira:** Shortcuts
12.06.2015 | Ivan       | **IDE/JS/CSS:** [Workspaces and live update for Scripts and CSS](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/workspaces)
19.06.2015 | Claudio    | **Logs:** [Move through long logs](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/150619_move_through_logs.md)
26.06.2015 | Nancy      | **CSS3:** [Shapes: Wrapping content around custom paths](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/150626_css_shapes.md)
07.08.2015 | Philipp    | **JS** [Web Crypto API](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/150807_web_crypto_api)
21.08.2015 | Avraam     | **Immutable data structures in JS** [Immutable data structures in JS](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/150821_immutable.md)
04.09.2015 | Ivan       | **Testing:** [Protractor Recorder](https://github.com/katspaugh/protractor-recorder)
23.10.2015 | Nicolas    | **Git:** [Improved git workflow with rebase](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/151023_git-rebase.md)
30.10.2015 | Philipp    | **JS** [File & FileReader API](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/tree/master/tips/151030_filereader_api)
11.11.2015 | Claudio    | **Testing:** [Manual testing on different devices, browsers and OS'](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/151111_browserstack.md)
02.12.2015 | Nicolas    | **Refactoring:** [Getting rid of the scope soup](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/151202_angular-avoid-scope-soupe.md)
10.12.2015 | Netta & Valentyn | **Refactoring:** [Smart & Dumb, BEMifying - Guidelines](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/151210_Refactoring_Guideline.md)
26.05.2016 | Alex       | **Testing:** [Ghost Inspector](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/160526_ghost-inspektor.md)
26.05.2016 | Valentyn   | **Frontend:** [Angular 1.5 features](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/160526_Angular_1.5.md)
08.07.2016 | Philipp    | **JS** [Fetch API & Promises](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/tree/master/tips/160708_fetch-api)
18.08.2016 | Alex       | **Testing** [Nightwatch.js Browser automated testing (e2e)](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/tree/master/tips/160818-nightwatch.js.md)
15.09.2016 | Ivan       | **Chess**: [three golden rules](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/160915_chess.md)
21.09.2016 | Philipp    | **JS** [Service Worker API](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/160921_serviceWorkerApi.md)
22.09.2016 | Claudio    | **Chrome DevTools:** [Chrome DevTools](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/160922_chrome_dev_tools.md)
30.09.2016 | Valentyn   | **JS** [NPM tricks](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/f49d35f627c4cce7d7608864f79baec03e075dc7/tips/160930_npm_tricks.md)
20.10.2016 | Jonathan   | **CSS3** [using Flexbox](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/161020_using_flexbox.md)
27.10.2016 | Andreas    | **HTML** [VR A-Frame](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/161027_vr_with_aframe.md)
10.11.2016 | Denis      | **JS** [The 10 Key Features in Node.js v6 LTS](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/161110_10_key_features_in_Node_v6_LTS.md)
18.11.2016 | Frédéric   | **SQL** [Write better SQL queries](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/161118_write_better_sql_queries.md)
18.11.2016 | Lyaysan    | **JIRA** [How to add Filter Result gadget](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/Jira_filter_result_gadget.md)
15.12.2016 | Nancy      | **FE** [Front-end Chrome Extensions](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/161215_frontend_chrome_extensions.md)
05.01.2017 | Philipp    | **Angular 2** [Testing Services with HTTP Requests in Angular 2](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/170105-testing-services-with-Angular2.md)
05.01.2017 | Lyaysan    | **Testing** [Elementor: testing Protractor selectors from your browser and IDE](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/170105-Elementor-testing-Protractor-selectors.md)
03.02.2017 | Jonathan   | **JS** [PDF creation with JS Frameworks (client and server side)](tips/20170203_pdf-creation-with-js.md)
10.02.2017 | Claire     | **JS** [Re-creating Redux with Rx.js](tips/170210_creating_a_redux_flow_using_rxjs.md)
14.02.2017 | Avraam     | **JS** [React Patterns and Anti-Patterns](tips/react-hoc-components.md)
1$.02.2017 | Avraam     | **JS** [Async Javascript Using Reactive Extensions](http://slides.com/avraammavridis/deck-1-2-3#/)
21.02.2017 | Avraam & Claire | **JS** [Testing with Jest & Enzyme](http://slides.com/avraammavridis/deck-3#/)
16.03.2017 | Lucian     | **IDE** [Boostraping vim](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/16032017_Boostraping_vim.md)
11.05.2017 | Kateryna   | **Tool** [Monosnap - best screenshot tool ever](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/170511_monosnap-best-screenshot-tool-ever.md)
06.07.2017 | Johann     | **OS** [Unix backup solution](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/06072017_UnixBackup.md)
13.07.2017 | Philipp    | **Node** [Two-Factor Authentication with Node](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/170713_2fa_with_node.md)
17.07.2017 | Avraam    | **JS** [Sorting faster than .sort()](https://avraammavridis.com/sorting-faster-than-the-native-js)
25.07.2017 | Kateryna & Lyaysan | **Testing** [Performance testing and monitoring](https://github.com/mycsHQ/tip-of-the-week/blob/master/tips/170725_performance_testing.md)
