# Angular 1.5 features we missed

### One-way binding '<'

Inputs should be using < and @ bindings. The < symbol denotes one-way bindings which are available since 1.5. 
The difference to = is that the bound properties in the component scope are not watched, which means if you assign a new value to the property in the component scope, it will not update the parent scope. 
Note however, that both parent and component scope reference the same object, so if you are changing object properties or array elements in the component, the parent will still reflect that change. 
The general rule should therefore be to never change an object or array property in the component scope. @ bindings can be used when the input is a string, especially when the value of the binding doesn't change.

### Components have a well-defined lifecycle

- $onInit() - Called on each controller after all the controllers on an element have been constructed and had their bindings initialized (and before the pre & post linking functions for the directives on this element). This is a good place to put initialization code for your controller.

- $onChanges(changesObj) - Called whenever one-way bindings are updated. The changesObj is a hash whose keys are the names of the bound properties that have changed, and the values are an object of the form { currentValue, previousValue, isFirstChange() }. Use this hook to trigger updates within a component such as cloning the bound value to prevent accidental mutation of the outer value.

- $onDestroy() - Called on a controller when its containing scope is destroyed. Use this hook for releasing external resources, watches and event handlers.

- $postLink() - Called after this controller's element and its children have been linked. Similar to the post-link function this hook can be used to set up DOM event handlers and do direct DOM manipulation. Note that child elements that contain templateUrl directives will not have been compiled and linked since they are waiting for their template to load asynchronously and their own compilation and linking has been suspended until that occurs. This hook can be considered analogous to the ngAfterViewInit and ngAfterContentInit hooks in Angular 2. Since the compilation process is rather different in Angular 1 there is no direct mapping and care should be taken when upgrading.

### Example
```
angular.module('heroApp').component('child', {
  templateUrl: 'child.html'
  bindings: {
    data: '<'
  }
  controller: [{
    ctrl = @

    ctrl.$onInit = ->
      This is a good place to put initialization code for your controller.

    ctrl.$onChanges = (changesObj) ->
      changesObj.data.currentValue
      changesObj.data.previousValue
      changesObj.data.isFirstChange()

    ctrl.$onDestroy = ->
      blablabla

    ctrl.$postLink = ->
      DOM manipulation

    return ctrl
  }]

})


...
<child data="parentCtrl.data"></child>
...

```

[Source link](https://docs.angularjs.org/guide/component)
